add Label Sleuth version to the bug report template (#329)
label-sleuth/label-sleuth: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

 - OS:
 - Web browser:
 - Python version:

>  - Label Sleuth version (as appear in the bottom left of the UI):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Label Sleuth version (as it appears on the bottom left of the UI):
```

Reviewer: Thanks @alonh for asking for the version on the bug report template. It should help us with bug reports! Change looks good; I just made a minor change to phrasing (see suggestion).
